[Docs] userful hooks (#7810)
open-mmlab/mmdetection: docs/en/tutorials/useful_hooks.md

### Usage

To use this hook, users should add the following code to the config file.

```python
custom_hooks = [
    dict(type='MemoryProfilerHook', interval=50)
]
```

### Result

During training, you can see the messages in the log recorded by `MemoryProfilerHook` as below. The system has 250 GB (246360 MB + 9407 MB) of memory and 8 GB (5740 MB + 2452 MB) of swap memory in total. Currently 9407 MB (4.4%) of memory and 5740 MB (29.9%) of swap memory were consumed. And the current training process consumed 5434 MB of memory.

```text
2022-04-21 08:49:56,881 - mmdet - INFO - Memory information available_memory: 246360 MB, used_memory: 9407 MB, memory_utilization: 4.4 %, available_swap_memory: 5740 MB, used_swap_memory: 2452 MB, swap_memory_utilization: 29.9 %, current_process_memory: 5434 MB
```

## SetEpochInfoHook

## SyncNormHook

## SyncRandomSizeHook

## YOLOXLrUpdaterHook

## YOLOXModeSwitchHook

## How to implement a custom hook

> In general, there are 10 sites where hooks can be inserted from the beginning to the end of model training. The users can implement custom hooks and inserted them in different sites in the process of training to do what they want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, there are 10 places where hooks can be inserted from the beginning to the end of model training. The users can implement custom hooks and insert them at different places in the process of training to do what they want.
```

> - global sites: `before_run`, `after_run`

Reviewer: sites -> points

- sites in training: `before_train_epoch`, `before_train_iter`, `after_train_iter`, `after_train_epoch`
- sites in validation: `before_val_epoch`, `before_val_iter`, `after_val_iter`, `after_val_epoch`

> Loss going NaN is a common penomenon, users can implement a hook to help check loss and terminate training when loss goes NaN. To implement such a hook, the users should base on Hook provided in MMCV, and implement `after_train_iter` method which checks that whether loss goes NaN after every n training iterations. After that,  register it in `HOOKS`. At Last, add `custom_hooks = [dict(type='MemoryProfilerHook', interval=50)]` in the config file. Please read [customize_runtime](https://mmdetection.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/customize_runtime.html#customize-self-implemented-hooks) for more about implementing a custom hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, users can implement a hook to check loss and terminate training when loss goes NaN. To achieve that, there is three steps to go:

1. Implement a new hook that inherits the `Hook` class in MMCV, and implement `after_train_iter` method which checks whether loss goes NaN after every `n` training iteration. 
2. The implemented hook should be registered in `HOOKS` by `@HOOKS.register_module()` as shown in the code below.
3. Add `custom_hooks = [dict(type='MemoryProfilerHook', interval=50)]` in the config file.

Please read [customize_runtime](https://mmdetection.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/customize_runtime.html#customize-self-implemented-hooks) for more about implementing a custom hook.
```
